Story Recapped here. Today,
I'm going to explain a comedy,
family, and sci-fi film called "Flubber."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
A ringing alarm clock wakes up Professor Philip
Brainard. He tries to turn off the alarm but hits
a button instead, and a trash bin launches into
the sky and lands precisely by the curb. A machine
prepares his breakfast: brewing coffee, cooking
eggs, pancakes, and bacon all at the same time.
A robot named Weber serves the plate of breakfast
and greets Philip. Weebo accompanies Philip at the
table. They talk about the news concerning the
closure of the university he works in. Philip
plans to save the school by inventing a new energy
source. They go through his schedule for the day,
and Weebo displays a wedding that Philip
intends to go to but seems to have forgotten.
Dr. Sara Jean Reynolds fits her
wedding dress while answering a call.
She talks to her colleagues about how this
time around, Philip can't miss the wedding.
Philip enters an art class, not
realizing that he's in the wrong room.
He discusses Newton's Law of Gravitation,
but he doesn't seem to notice the gravity
of what's happening in front of
him. They look at him judgingly;
Philip is still oblivious and even finds a
connection between the naked models and physics.
He finally realizes when the blackboard
reveals that this is another professor's class.
Outside, Sara calls Philip, admiring his
goofiness. His awkwardness further shines
as when Sara’s friend mentions the wedding, he
replies by congratulating her. Sara feels kind of
annoyed that Philip doesn't remember. She reminds
him that today is their wedding. She asks him to
promise that he'll be there and says that this is
her last try at marrying him. If he doesn't show
up, it'll be apparent that Philip's incapable of
loving something other than his books and gadgets.
Philip works with a complex array of
chemicals and lab equipment. Wilson
enters the room and asks Philip what
he's doing. Philip tries to act friendly,
but the underlying conflict is evident in how
they interact. Wilson talks about the news of
the university closing. Philip asks him to
leave, which prompts Wilson to ask about
what happened to their friendship. Philip says
that he grew tired of him stealing his ideas.
Wilson rebuts that he wouldn't have been able
to do anything with it because of how bad his
memory is—calling him a genius in the lab but a
moron in everything else. Wilson announces his
plan to steal his fiance. Philip wishes him good
luck and winks as he leaves a laughing Wilson.
At home, Philip tries his shirt and vest on while
chatting with Weebo. He catches a glimpse of his
computer and sees an equation that causes
a eureka moment. Philip finally discovers a
breakthrough and immediately works on it. Weebo,
feeling ecstatic, cancels the wedding for him.
Philip goes down to his laboratory, and after
a few adjustments and double-checking, drops a
strand of his hair to act as an organic catalyst
to the brewing chemicals in the container.
They distance themselves from the
contraption before activating it.
He pushes down on the device, and
after a moment, everything explodes.
A stained Weebo laughs at the surprised Philip. He
cleans up his glasses to see the mess he created.
Sara looks out the church's window
with tears falling down her face.
Wilson smiles as he realizes Philip himself
is the one that sabotaged his wedding.
The night comes, and Philip is
frustrated with his failed project.
As he climbs the steps, steam
starts spewing out of the container.
Philip turns back to take a closer look. He
carefully opens it up, and Flubber, a green blob,
jumps out. Philip tries to touch it using his bare
hands, and the slime oddly communicates with him.
He tries to figure out what Flubber is. It's
malleable, able to shapeshift, and prone to
tickles. Philip stretches Flubber like a child
playing with a new toy. He drops Flubber, and
it bounces. It separates into three, and Philip
performs a circus act while Weebo watches in awe.
She takes a picture of them, capturing this
special moment in his life while still not
realizing that he's neglecting the special woman
in his life—the camera flash aggrevatesFlubber.
The slime bounces all over the
place, but Philip dodges it.
The slime travels through the basement
doors and the two rush after it.
They observe as it bounces around the
neighborhood, leaving destruction on its path.
Flubber enters a home and separates into
countless pieces causing more mischief.
They submerge into black ink and bounce all over
the place, instantly painting a masterpiece.
Flubber is an extremely smart entity
that seems to be indestructible.
With a baseball glove,
Philip finally catches Flubber. Flubber
overpowers Philip and knocks him out cold.
Wilson leans on his car outside the
church, waiting for Sara to exit.
She recognizes him, and they reconnect. He
comforts her and offers to give her a ride home.
Wearing a hazmat suit, Philip and his squad handle
a radioactive isotope and place it in the lead
containment unit. He carefully slides it under
a container where Flubber rests. Philip explains
to Weebo what he's doing, and all she can do is
agree with every complex idea he throws her way.
The experiment aims to control Flubber’s erratic.
A sudden alarm interrupts them, Philip finally
remembers his wedding. Weebo tries to convince
him that he can't leave as the experiment isn't
finished yet. Philip says that he can't miss this,
but Weebo explains that he's already a day late.
Sara’s working in her office, and Philip
enters the room. He tries to explain,
but Sara says there's no need for
it. She gave him three chances,
but with each one, he left her hanging
at the altar. Philip shows her Flubber,
thinking that will make her forgive him.
She ignores him, but Philip doesn't give up.
He tries to show Sara how Flubber can save
the university. Philip confidently says that
he'll jump through the window and bounce back up
with the help of Flubber. As he readies himself,
Flubber rips the back pocket, and he falls.
Sara doesn't care at all and breaks up with him.
Philip’s student, Bennett, comes home and rushes
to his father, Chester Hoenicker. He says that he
got kicked out of the basketball team and flunked
chemistry. Chester asks his henchmen how'd that
happen. They said that his professor either forgot
or didn't understand them when they talked to him.
His father commands the henchmen to find something
that'll convince Philip to change his son's grade.
The henchmen arrive at Philip's house. Meanwhile,
Philip's busy performing another experiment.
The henchmen observe him through a window.
Philip applies a cream mixed with crystallized
Flubber material to the golf ball. He drops
it, and the ball bounces around just as how
Flubber did before. It coincidentally hits
one of the henchmen, leaving him disoriented.
He repeats the process with a bowling ball.
It goes flying once again and hits the other
henchman. They lay there with red bumps on
their head. Philip fills a spray bottle with
the mixture and squirts some on the floor
outside. The henchmen attempt to leave,
making a run for it, but are surprised
when the ground flings them up.
In his garage, Philip makes some
modifications to his automobile.
He gets in the vehicle and takes his decked-out
car for a ride. He and Weebo float through the
neighborhood, smoothly sailing while they
jam out to the radio. After some twists,
turns, and loops, they stop to admire the
night's sky. Philip turns off the ignition,
and they start to fall. Philip then
starts the car back up right on time.
Philip hovers above Sara's home to see
her and Wilson drinking wine on the porch.
As he's about to leave, Wilson leans
in for a kiss. Sara turns her cheek,
and Philip sighs in relief. They plan to attend
a basketball game between their two schools.
Back at the mansion, the henchmen explain to
Chester what happened. They say that Philip
took his balls and rubs some cream on them.
Philip's balls bounce and hit their heads.
Chester doesn't believe a word they're
saying, so they reveal their injuries.
Philip and Weebo return home. She tries
to comfort him, but he says that he wants
to deal with it alone as this problem
isn't something a robot can understand.
After a while, Weebo is seen mixing and
matching women's faces on the computer.
She dresses the character up, names her
Sylvia, and clicks on the create button.
Weebo projects a hologram of Sylvia, and
through her, Weebo tries to kiss Philip.
He suddenly awakens, and Weebo rushes down to
delete any trace of what she did. She feels
embarrassed as she positions herself to look like
she's been charging the entire time. Philip wakes
her up and says that he just got an idea; he
plans to bring Flubber to the basketball game.
He brings a basketball with him along with a
spray bottle filled with the Flubber mixture.
He sprays the ball and proceeds
to do some tricks with it. Then,
he does the same to the bottom of his shoes
and weighs himself down with a sack of sand.
Philip jumps and reaches the scoreboard. He
practices and almost gets slammed by his anchor.
With Weeber and Weebo’s, Philip produces
Flubber tacks that'll help their basketball
team win against their opponents. He hopes
that this shows Sara that Flubber works.
Philip is about to head out and reminds
Weebo to take care of the house and not
cause any commotion. She assures Philip that
nothing will happen on her watch. However,
as he drives off, she lets out a chuckle
indicating that she's planning something.
In the locker room, Philip applies
the Flubber tacks onto the bottom of
the shoes. The game starts, and they look
like kids up going up against grown men.
Back at the garage, Weebo opens up the containment
unit of Flubber, and it comes rushing out.
At the basketball game, the opponent takes
a commanding lead. Philip sits behind Sara
and Wilson. He cheers for the team and
blows his air horn next to Wilson's ear.
Chester, Bennett, and their henchmen
sit courtside, watching the game.
Philip rubs his hands with the Flubber-cream
mixture. He puts his palms together,
then accidentally hits two people
behind him. The team heads out;
Philip shakes their hands one by one,
transferring the Flubber powers to them all.
The ball is inbounded up high and to everyone's
surprise. A boy rises and snatches it.
He passes it to his teammate, and he
dribbles the ball at incredible speeds.
Big Lawrence drives to the rim but falls as his
defender gets on his way. As his butt touches
the floor, he gets launched up and faceplants on
the backboard. The ball, however, circles the rim
and falls in. Everyone is in shock as the entire
team leaps through the court and scores again.
The boy shoots the ball on the free-throw line;
it ends up bouncing back and forth both rings,
eventually going through the hoop. An overjoyed
Philip celebrates by hitting Wilson's head.
The game proceeds, and Philip’s
school’s team is near winning.
A player sitting on the bench notices the tack on
the shoes. He takes them off, which alarms Philip.
He rushes to the team before the kid removes
any more of it. Philip gives him a pep talk
and cleans the bottom of his shoes. He throws the
towel, and it conveniently lands on Wilson's face.
Philip tells him that no matter what, he has
to jump or else he'll fail him in his class.
The clock runs down, and an opponent
shoots an open jumper. The boy jumps
and grabs the basketball. He somersaults
his way to the other side of the court,
scoring the buzzer-beater. The game
ends with Philip’s school winning.
The crowd celebrates, and Sara leans in for a
hug with Philip, but Wilson interrupts them.
Chester deduces that Philip has
something to do with what happened,
and his henchmen support his theory.
Sara and Wilson leave to continue
their date. Philip barges in and
asks to talk to Sara alone, but Wilson refuses.
An enthusiastic Philip admits to Sara that
it was Flubber that won them the game.
He thinks that this will win her over, but she
just acknowledges him, showing no feelings at all.
On his way home, Chester sees Philip's flying car.
A sad Philip enters his home. He opens up to
Weebo about how much he regrets not caring
more about his relationship with Sara.
Philip attributes his absent-mindedness
to the fact that Sara takes up every
space in his brain and his heart.
Feeling hopeless, he accepts that he has
lost Sara. Weebo tells him not to give up,
but Philip thinks that this is the best for
Sara, saying she deserves someone better.
Weebo reflects and gathers the strength
to bring Philip and Sara back together.
She arrives at Sara's home and tries to
enter through the window. Sara notices
her outside and invites her to come in.
Weebo shows Sara a recording of their
conversation earlier. Her eyes sparkle
when he hears how much Philip loves her.
Sara appears in Philip's room,
and they kiss passionately. A
fulfilled Weebo gives them privacy.
The two ride the flying car and talk about
how Flubber can help save the university.
Philip suggests that they produce shoes,
but Sara says it’s the flying cars
that will fetch them a fortune.
They return to the garage, and
Chester and his goons greet them.
He opens up the hood and sees the mechanism
behind the flying car. Chester offers them a deal,
but Philip asserts that they have no intention
of selling him the car. They give up a chance
for the university's debt to be forgiven,
and Chester leaves with nothing in his hands.
The car flies through the fields and arrives at
the Ford headquarters. A receptionist enters a
man's room and asks if he's interested in seeing
Philip's car design. He refuses to meet but then
hears a honk from outside his office. Philip and
Sara greet him and shows him a for-sale sign.
Chester's henchmen break into Philip's home.
Weebo finds them looking for something in the
basement, destroying equipment in the process.
One of the henchmen sees Flubber. Weebo comes
rushing in, knocking one of the henchmen out.
She then hides and carefully calculates her
attacks. The other henchman makes a run for it,
but Weebo hunts him down with ease. She sees
the other standing and rushes towards him,
only to be met by a baseball bat, knocking
her out. The henchmen then take Flubber.
Philip and Sara return to Philip’s ransacked
home. Philip tries to call Weebo, but she
doesn't answer. He notices that Flubber's
gone and finds Weebo. His eyes tear up as
he tries to talk to her. Weebo can't speak,
but she signals that she knows they're there.
Philip holds her in his hands and assures her
that she'll be alright. Philip says that he
just needs to make repairs, and she'll
be back to normal. However, deep down,
he knows the damage is too severe, and his
words only act as a means to comfort her.
Weebo turns off, and Philip bids
farewell to his creation and best friend.
On his porch, he asks Sara what happens to the
soul of a machine. She replies by asking if he
can fix her. Philip says that he can make repairs,
but he can never bring back the Weebo they know
and love. He says that Weebo was special; she's
the only one of his creations with a personality.
Sara realizes something; she asks if Philip
remembers the word that flashed on Weebo's
screen just as she turns off. He recalled
that the work begins with the letter S. There,
on the computer, they watch Weebo in the form
of Sylvia saying a message she left for them.
Weebo says that on the computer is a file of
her complete design. She blows Philip a kiss,
saying that she hopes that he can love her
daughter just as much as she loved him.
The two fly off to Chester's mansion for a
meeting. Philip agrees to sell him Flubber.
However, Chester clarifies that there isn't any
reason to buy something already in his possession.
Philip tries to say that he's the
only one who knows how to use Flubber,
but Chester replies that he already has
someone working on that. Underneath the chairs,
Philip and Sara’s shoes have Flubber tacks.
Chester makes a counteroffer; he proposes that
he'll accept Philip's deal, but everything Philip
invents will belong to him for the next two years.
Philip agrees. They make their way to
Flubber while the car engine starts.
The flying vehicle floats above them
and parks itself adjacent to the room.
What meets the two is Wilson.
Like a vulture, he sits idle,
always ready to sweep in and take
advantage of Philip's innovations.
Philip shows them the Flubber-cream mixture.
He and Sara rub some on their hands,
saying they need it to handle Flubber.
Philip reaches for something in his pocket,
and the henchman stops him and grabs it for him.
It's a squirt gun that Philip intends to use to
lower the container’s temperature. Chester
instructs his henchman to give it to him;
he misinterprets it and starts squirting liquid
into Philip's face. Chester reiterates and says
to give the squirt gun to Philip's hand; the
simple-minded henchman shoots Philip's hand.
Philip stands there all wet and can't help
but smile. The henchman finally realizes
and hands him the squirt gun. He opens
the container and talks to Flubber. The
car outside readies its light and points it
toward the room. Flubber becomes restless,
and Chester commands his goons to get Philip.
He jumps to get out of the way, and the two
knock each other out. Wilson grabs hold of
Sara's arm, but she punches him repeatedly,
knocking him out. They play around with the goons
before eventually catching Flubber, which Sara
then throws at Chester. Flubber ricochets into
Wilson’s mouth, and he starts moving funnily
as Flubber bounces inside him. Flubber exits
through his behind, and Wilson passes out.
The next day, the newspaper front page
features Philip saving the university.
At the chapel, Philip and Sara are finally
getting married. The priest pronounces them
husband and wife, and Philip kisses the bride
through a video call with Weebette’s help.
They then ride the flying car to the reception.